RegisterMetricNames does not create new per-day index entries for new dates for existing timeseries (#6872)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/changelog/CHANGELOG.md

* BUGFIX: [vmalert](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmalert/), [vmctl](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmctl/) and snapshot API: verify correctness of URLs provided via cmd-line flags before executing HTTP requests. See [this](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/6740) issue for details.
* BUGFIX: [vmalert](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmalert): reduce memory usage when parsing responses with big number of metrics in response. The memory usage was increased in [v1.102.0-rc1](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/releases/tag/v1.102.0-rc1) after attempt to reduce CPU usage for heavy loaded vmalerts.
* BUGFIX: all VictoriaMetrics components: forcefully set owner/group for release tars to 1000:1000. This helps to avoid unpacking [issues](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/6788) on systems with limitations around UID:GID configuration. See [this pull request](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/pull/6846).

> * BUGFIX: [Single-node VictoriaMetrics](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/) and `vmstorage` in [VictoriaMetrics cluster](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/cluster-victoriametrics/): Fixes registering metric names in the per-day index for new dates for existing timeseries. See [this](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/pull/6872/) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* BUGFIX: [Single-node VictoriaMetrics](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/) and `vmstorage` in [VictoriaMetrics cluster](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/cluster-victoriametrics/): fix metric names registering in the per-day index for new dates for existing time series when making calls to `/tags/tagSeries` and `/tags/tagMultiSeries` handlers of [Grpahite API](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/#graphite-api-usage). See [this](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/pull/6872/) for details.
```
